thank you very much this is the great to
be with people i truly feel comfortable
with please sit down
they'll say I didn't get a standing
ovation because they never sat down and
I say I got one standing ovation because
they never said down but i want to thank
you all have great great love for what
you do and the way you do it and when
I'm with the police chiefs and I'm with
the Sheriff's of our country and these
are the big ones these are the really
big ones i just want to and I thank you
very much and I thought before I spoke
about what we're really here to speak
about i would read something to you
because you could be a lawyer or you
don't have to be a lawyer if you were a
good student in high school or bad
student in high school you can
understand this and it's really
incredible to me that we have a court
case that's going on so long as you know
in Boston we wanted with a highly
respected judge and a very strong
opinion but now we're in an area that
let's just say they are interpreting
things differently than probably a
hundred percent of the people in this
room and I'd like to almost notice
anybody disagree when I when I read this
but I'm going to read watching what's in
dispute What's in question and you'll
see this it's I n 8 to 12 f 8 USC 1182 f
suspension of entry or imposition of
restrictions by the president
ok now this isn't just me this is for
Obama piranha Reagan for the President
and this was done very importantly for
security something you people know more
about then all of us was done for the
security of our nation the security of
our citizens so that people come in who
aren't going to do us harm and that's
why I was done
and it couldn't have been written any
more precisely it's not like oh ji wish
it were written better was written
beautifully so just listen here's what
it says this is what they're arguing
whenever the president finds that the
entry of any aliens
ok the entry the entry of any aliens or
of any class of aliens so any aliens any
class of aliens into the United States
so the entry of people into the United
States let's say just to be possessive
aliens into the United States so anytime
whenever the president finds at the
entry of any alien or any class
surveillance into the United States
would be detrimental to the interests of
the United States right so if i find as
president that a person or group of
people will be detrimental to the
interests of the United States and
certainly there's lots of examples that
we have but you shouldn't even have them
necessarily he may be and he made by
Proclamation and for such period as he
shall deem necessary now the only
mistake is they should have said he or
she
but hopefully it won't be a sheet for at
least another seven years after that I'm
old
see I just noticed that actually just
noticed that I'm saying well this is not
politically correct
it's correct but it's not politically
correct in the old days he made by
Proclamation and for such period as he
shall deem necessary so here it is
people coming in suspend the entry of
all aliens right that's what yes it's
not like again a bad high school student
would understand this
anybody would understand this suspend
the entry of all aliens or any class of
aliens as immigrants or non-immigrants
or impose on the entry of aliens
ok so you can suspend the aliens right
can suspend the aliens from coming very
strong or impose on the entry of aliens
any restrictions he may deem to be
appropriate
ok so you can suspend you can put
restrictions you can do whatever you
want and this is for the security of the
country which again you're the Chiefs
your the sheriff's you understand this
and I listened to lawyers on both sides
last night and they were talking about
things that had just nothing to do with
it
I listened to a panel of judges and i'll
comment on that day I will not comment
on the statements made by certainly one
judge but I have to be honest that if
these judges wanted to in my opinion
help the court in terms of respect for
the court they do what they should be
doing
i mean it's it's so said they should be
you know when you read something so
simple and so beautifully written and so
perfectly written other than the one
statement of course having to do with
hiyoshi but when you read something so
perfectly written and so clear to
anybody and then you have lawyers and
you watched i watched lat
tonight in amazement and i heard things
that I couldn't believe things that that
really had nothing to do with what i
just read and I don't ever want to call
a court bias so won't call it biased and
we haven't had a decision yet but courts
seem to be so political and it would be
so great for justice system if they
would be able to read a statement and do
what's right and that has to do with the
security of our country which is so
important right now we are at risk
because of what happened
general Kelly is an extremely talented
man in a very good man now secretary
Kelly Homeland Security we are doing our
job is great man
we're doing our job and one of the
reasons you probably heard that we did
it so quickly we like what if in fact I
said let's give a one month notice and
then law enforcement and general Kelly
was so great because he said we totally
knew about it we knew about everything
we do things well we did things right
but the law enforcement people said to
me oh you can't give a notice because if
you give a notice that you've got to be
really tough in one month from now or in
one week from now I suggested a month
and I said well what about a week they
said no you can't do that because then
people are going to pour in before the
toughness goes under you people agree i
mean you know more about law than
anybody law enforcement so I wanted to
give like a month then i said what about
a week they said well then you're gonna
have a whole pile of people perhaps
perhaps with very evil intentions coming
in before the the restrictions so there
it is folks it's as plain as plain as
you can have it
I didn't and I was a good student i
understand things I comprehend very well
okay better than I think almost anybody
and i want to tell you i listen to a
bunch of
stuff last night on television that was
disgraceful it was disgraceful because
what i just read to you is what we have
and it just can't be written any plainer
or better and for us to be going through
this and by the way a highly highly
respected judge in Boston ruled very
strongly in our favor you heard that
fact i said to my people why don't you
use the Boston case and there were
reasons why they couldn't use the Boston
case this one came later of various
reasons but use the plastic case and I
won't read that but there were
statements made by that judge who again
highly respected that were right on that
were perfect
they were perfect so I think it said I
think it's a sad day i think our
security is at risk today and it will be
at risk until such time as we are
entitled and get what we are entitled to
as citizens of this country as chiefs
and sheriffs of this country we want
security one of the reasons i was
elected was because of law and order and
security
it's one of the reasons i was elected
also jobs and lots of other things but i
think one of the strongest reasons is
security and they're taking away our
weapons one by one that's what they're
doing and you know it and I know it and
you people have been very unhappy for a
long period of time and I can read the
polls may be better than anybody because
it seems that I understood the polls a
lot better than many of the pollsters
understood the pulse assuming they were
honest poles which I you know I think
probably many of them weren't i really
believe that
but but we need security in our country
we have to allow you folks to do your
job you're great people great people
great men and women and we have to allow
you to do your job and we have to give
you the weapons that you need and this
is a weapon that you need and they're
trying to take it away from you
maybe because of politics or maybe
because of political views
we can't let that happen so with that
let's get on to business right
it's really something thank you
I want to thank sheriff Sandra Hutchins
and Chief Tom banger for your leadership
and frankly for the service you have had
great service everyone has told me about
you two legendary people all of us here
today united by one shared mission to
serve and protect the public of the
United States during my campaign for
that I had the chance to spend time with
law enforcement officials all across our
country they're the most incredible
people you will ever meet and I just
wanted to say to all of them right now
from the bottom of my heart thank you
thank you thank you
[Applause]
there are many actions we in the federal
government can take to help improve
safety in your communities but i believe
that community safety begins with moral
leadership our police officers sheriff's
deputies risk their lives every day and
they're entitled to an administration
that has their back
the first step in restoring public
safety is affirming our confidence in
the men and women charged with upholding
our laws and i'm going to add justices
judges in that category and I'm very
proud to have picked judge courses who I
think is going to be an outstanding
member of the Supreme Court outstanding
so I'd like to begin my remarks with a
declaration issued to all of you and
delivered to every member of the law
enforcement community all across the
United States my message today is that
you have a true true friend in the White
House you have I stand with you I
support our police i support our
sheriff's and we support the men and
women of law enforcement
[Applause]
right now many communities in America
facing a public-safety crisis murders in
2015 experience their largest single
year increase in nearly half a century
in 2016 murders in large cities continue
to climb by double digits in many of our
biggest cities 2016 brought an increase
in the number of homicides rapes
assaults and shootings in Chicago more
than 4,000 people were shot last year
alone and the rate so far this year has
been even higher
what is going on in Chicago we cannot
allow this to continue
we've allowed too many young lives to be
claimed and you see that you see that
all over claimed by gangs and too many
neighborhoods to be crippled by violence
and fear 60-percent of murder victims
under the age of 22 are african-american
this is a national tragedy and it
requires National Action this violence
must end and we must all work together
to end it whether a child lives in
Detroit Chicago Baltimore or anywhere in
our country he or she has the right to
grow up in safety and then peace no one
in America should be punished because of
the city where he or she is born every
child in America should be able to play
outside without fear walk home without
danger and attended school without being
worried about drugs or gangs or violence
some many lives and so many people have
been cut short their potential their
life has been cut short so much
potential has been sidelined and so many
dreams have been shattered and broken
totally broken
it's time to stop the drugs from pouring
into our country and by the way we will
do that and I will
say this general now secretary Kelly
will be the man to do it and we will
give him a wall and it will be a real
wall and a lot of things will happen
very positively for your city's your
state's believe me
the wall is getting designed right now a
lot of people say o.o Trump was only
kidding with the one listen kid a little
kid I know kid I i watch this and they
say i was kidding
now I know kids don't get about things
like that i can tell you know we will
have a wall it will be a great wall and
it will do a lot of will be a big help
just ask Israel that walls the walls
work just ask Israel they work if it's
properly done it's time to dismantle the
gangs terrorizing our citizens and it's
time to ensure that every young American
can be raised in an environment of
decency dignity love and support you
have asked for the resources tools and
support you need to get the job done
we will do whatever we can to help you
meet those demands that includes a
zero-tolerance policy for acts of
violence against law enforcement we all
see what happens
we all see what happens and what's been
happening to you
it's not fair we must protect those who
protect us the number of officers shot
and killed in the line of duty last year
increased by fifty-six percent from the
year before last year in Dallas police
officers were targeted for X execution
think of this
whoever heard of this they were targeted
for execution 12 were shot and five were
killed these heroic officers died as
they lived protecting the innocent
rushing into danger risking their lives
for people they did not even know but
for people that they were determined to
save hats off to you people
the slain officers are an eternal
monument to all of the men and women who
protect our streets and serve our public
we will not forget them and we will not
forget all of the others who made that
final sacrifice in the line of duty
God has blessed our nation to put these
heroes among us those who serve in law
enforcement work long hours you work
long hours i know so many sheriff's so
many chief so many police work long
hours and dangerous hours oftentimes in
difficult conditions and for not that
much pay relative to what you're doing
they do it because they care we must
work with them not against them they're
working against you for many years
they've been working against you
we must support them not undermine them
and instead of division and disunity and
which is so much disunity we must build
the bridges of partnership and of trust
those who demonize law enforcement or
who use the actions of a few to
discredit the service of many
are hurting the very people they say
that they want to help when policing is
reduced crime is increased and our
poorest citizens suffer the most and I
see it all the time when the number of
police goes down crime goes up to build
needed trust between law enforcement and
the communities they serve it is not
enough for us to merely talk to each
other we must listen to each other all
of us share the view that those in
uniform must be held to the highest
possible standard of contact so
important you are the role models to
young Americans all across this country
many of whom want to go into law
enforcement many of home want to be a
sheriff or a police chief many of home
they have great respect for you
tremendous respect you don't even
realize it but i will tell you they have
great respect and admiration for the
people in this room and the people that
you represent and don't let anyone ever
tell you different don't let the
dishonest media try and convince you
that it's different than that because
it's not
that is why our commitment to law and
law enforcement also includes ensuring
that we're giving departments the
resources they need to train recruit and
retain talent as part of our commitment
to safe communities we will also work to
address the mental health crisis prison
should not be a substitute for treatment
we will fight to increase access to
life-saving treatment to battle the
addiction to drugs which is afflicting
our nation like never ever before ever
[Applause]
I've been here two weeks I've met a lot
of law enforcement officials yesterday
brought them into the Oval Office i
asked the group what impact do drugs
have in terms of a percentage on crime
said 75 to 80 percent it's pretty set
we're going to stop the drugs from
pointer and we're gonna stop those drugs
from poisoning our youth from poisoning
our people
we're going to be ruthless in that fight
we have no choice and we're going to
take that fight to the drug cartels and
work to liberate our communities from
the terrible grip of violence
you have the power and knowledge to tell
general Kelly now secretary kelly who
the illegal immigrant grank gang members
are now you have that power because you
know I'm you're there your local you
know the illegals you know them by their
first name you know them by their
nicknames you have that power the
federal government can never be that
precise but you're in the neighborhoods
you know the bad ones you know the good
ones i want you to turn in the bad ones
called secretary Kelly's representatives
and we'll get them out of our country
and bring them back where they came from
and we'll do it fast you have to call up
the federal government homeland security
because so much of the problems you look
at chicago and you look at other places
so many of the problems are caused by
gang members many of whom are not even
legally in our country and we will work
with you on the front lines to keep
America safe from terrorism which is
what I began this with terrorism a
tremendous threat far greater than
people in our country understand believe
me I've learned a lot and the last two
weeks and terrorism is a far greater
threat than the people of our country
understand but we're going to take care
of it
we're gonna win we're going to take care
of it folks let today be the beginning
of a great national partnership let
today serve as a great call to action
and let this moment represent a new
beginning in relations between law
enforcement and our communities
I want you to know the American public
totally stands with you I want you to
know the american people support you i
want you to know how proud we are truly
proud to know you
we applaud your efforts we thank you for
your service and we promise that you
will always find an open door at the
White House an open invitation to our
great cops and sheriff's nationwide
they're great people
you are great people thank you God bless
you and God bless america
thank you very much thank you